you you are the Tijuana strings she
then I take it you're all from Tijuana
XI am I right in assuming that you are
their leader xi what's your name sign
Archy
Tijuana strings that seems awfully close
to the Tijuana brass I mean didn't they
ever object to it she what do they do
sure
sue P heaven says go ahead and place up
now what are you going to play deeply
I'm afraid ass this is the flea yes sir
holy school did you say yes sir he
do you object if I play your second
number with you well this is my dumb
show and I'm going to do
now we'll start at the count of three 3c
and we want I want to play this real
fast
you know mucho Largo
ready